
Miscellaneous notes

Ship tech/ structure

1 Level 3 ~ 10 Level 2 ~ 100 Level 1

Power tech
    Phlebotinum - based on discovered alien phlebotinum crystals - depleted gray, charged magenta
    Level 3 Phleb Reactor - Zero-point generator - Easily recharge depleted phlebotinum.  Circle, 200x radius
    Level 2 Phleb cycler - integrated burner and storage.  Can charge if other power source available. Shape?
    Level 1 Phleb drive - "Engine" wrapped around a ph crystal.  Burns only.  Diamond, 100x100
    
    Eludium - (eludium q-36 space modulator) - Advanced tech, antimatter + radioactives + reactive alloys
    Level 1 Eludium engine
    
    Solar - Classic power source.  Only works when "docked" to sun. (or maybe in system?)
    Level 1 solar harvesting facility - detachable 


    
Armature
    just use full thrust stuff
    

Resources
    Elements/Important moluecules
        Hydrogen
        Silicon
        Carbon
        Oxygen (O2)
        Carbon Dioxide
        Water    

    Input
        Raw Asteroids
        Waste (from crew modules)

    Raw
        Metallics    
        Silicates
        Hydrates
        Organics
        Reactives (Oxides, acids, bases)
        Radioactives
        Hydrogen
        
    Tier One
        Metals
        Silica / Glass
        Fertilizer        
        Chemical compounds
        Enriched Radioactives
        
    Tier Two
        Composite Plating
        
Buildings:

Asteroid processing - asteroid -> metallics, silicates, hydrates, organics
Smelter (arc furnace) - metallics -> metals, slag / slag -> metals, silicates, reactives / Silicates -> silicon
        
        
        
Spoileriffic musings        
        
On alien (Xeno) tech
    Precursor Xenos favored phlebotinum and unobtainium in their designs.
    Neither material is found or can be produced naturally (in this universe).
    Phlebotinum in Precursor tech is apparently an inexhaustible source of energy
    Unobtainium is an all but indestrucible metallic compound.  Luckily it only 
    appears in the form of small plates and wires, with conventional matter 
    binding it all together.
    
    Precursor tech rarely found intact, usually broken (or inactive).  Cannot be 
    repaired, as we (humans and modern Xeno descendants) lack the physical 
    principles even to understand how it works.  But it CAN be picked apart for 
    the special materials.
    
    
    Precursor tech (all of it) is apparently intelligent, capable of acting on its own, 
    althought it almost never does.  It usually only responds to modern Xenos,
    who can ask it to do things by thinking hard about it.  Modern Xenos have 
    no idea how this works either.  But even then, only the crudest actions are
    possible: "go this way," "fire at that ship," etc.  A few exceptions are 
    the phlebotinum generators, which generate electrical charge under certain 
    extreme atmospheres, and Xeno drones, which can be tricked into perceiving
    themselves "at home," and display a kind of worker-bee mentality.  Drones contain miniscule
    amounts of phlebotinum and never need charging (although they like to "come
    home" regularly), suggesting that the phlebotinum used in generators should
    be capable of much more power output.
    

    In the beginning, there were the Precursors, ancestors to the modern Xeno.
    They carved the universe up, established jump beacons, and with jump beacons
    came great trade routes.  They probed the intricacies of the multiverse, 
    found crevices to explore and wonders to discover there. 

  
        
        
"Optimized" menu stats:
http://europepmc.org/abstract/MED/12481812

Water usage:
http://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S2214552415000826        
